# WinCopies Framework (C++)

## Version

2.0

## Added

- New macros

## Changed

### General

#### Common

- Macros
	- TEMPLATE_N/C are now variadic.
	- ENABLE_ENUM_BITWISE_OPERATORS now ends with a semicolon.
	- TEMPLATE_IF and their dependencies are now function-like and replace the MULTI_TEMPLATE_IF and their dependencies which were removed.
	- INTERFACE_CLASS now generates a complete interface definition (auto-inheritance from WinCopies::Interface and auto-constructor generation). Use the new _INTERFACE_CLASS with the appropriate parameters to retrieve the previous behavior.
	- Updated the BASE_TEMPLATES and BASE_INTERFACES macro collections.
	- IS_TYPE parameters.
	- The FOR_EACH macros do not add a whitespace between tokens anymore.
	- INLINE_/CONSTRUCTOR/METHOD_/... macros:
		- insert the 'inline' keyword before member declaration.
		- INLINE_CONSTRUCTOR has a new parameter to specify namespace.
	- CREATE_SELECTORS: the 'macro' argument must now be prefixed with an underscore.
	- MAKE_/SHARED/_PTR_TYPE: the 'type' parameter must be a tuple.
	- SHARED_TYPE:
		- Was replaced with SHARED_TYPE_HEADER. The SHARED_TYPE macro still exist as a base macro for SHARED_TYPE_HEADER.
		- The new SHARED_TYPE_HEADER and the SHARED_CLASS macros take variadic arguments as template arguments.
	- The 'template-if' interface generation macros argument must be a tuple whose the first item replaces the old 'name' argument of that macros. The other items, if any, replace the variadic arguments in previous version (they represented the possible other template arguments). The variadic arguments now represent the interface inheritance.
	- INLINE_CONSTRUCTOR/_DEFINITION: the 'isConst' parameter was removed.
- Types
	- Enums
		- EnumerationDirection now inherits from the BYTE type.
	- Interfaces
		- ICountable is now a generic template. The template argument is the integer type used to store the count value. The types based on this templates must have their template argument set to a unsigned integer type. The ILongCountable type has therefore been removed.
	- Classes
		- There is now a non-generic base class for SimpleLinkedListBase.
- Functions and methods
	- The return type is now ErrorCode for:
		- ICollection.Clear
		- SimpleLinkedListNode\<T>:
			- GenericGetValue
			- GenericGetNext/2
	- Redesign MemoryAlloc/Init/Reset functions.
- Imports
	- Update default imports in Framework.h
	- Util/Includes/Macros/Method folder:
		- The headers in the Templates subfolder can be included directly via the new Templates.h header.

#### Type-specific

- IEnumerator\<T>
  - Added
	  - There is now a non-generic base class.
  - Changed
	  - The GetCurrent method definition was modified.
- Simple/LinkedList\<T>
  - Simple
    - Changed
	    - The return type of the Add, GenericPeek and Remove methods is now ErrorCode.
  - Renamed
    - LinkedList
	    - The GetSupportsReversedEnumeration method is now called SupportsReversedEnumeration.
    - Both
	    - The GetIsReadOnly method is now called IsReadOnly.
- Nullable
	- Constructors
		- Add new constructor.
      	- The parameter of the initial one is now T& const value.
	- GetValue method
    	- Added
			- Now takes one parameter to retrieve data.
    	- Changed
			- No longer throws an exception.
			- The return type is now an ErrorCode that indicates the success or fail status.
	- Added
		- New methods to retrieve value.
	- Renamed
		- To TryGetValue

#### Misc

- Redesign exception, throw helpers and all types from the Collections package.

### Replaced

- Macros
	- NAMED/OPERATOR/_TEMPLATE<n> with function-like NAMED/OPERATOR/_TEMPLATE_N/C
	- GET_ARGS macros were replaced with a new implementation.

### Renamed

- Macros
	| Old             | New               |
	| --------------- | ----------------- |
	| OPERATOR[...]   | CEA_OPERATOR[...] |
	| FUNCTION        | INLINE_FUNCTION   |
	| _BOOL			  | CHECK_BOOL		  |
	| TRANSCRIBE_ARGS | SURROUND_SPACED	  |
	| BOOL			  | PP_BOOL			  |
- Methods
	| Type					| Old		  | New		 |
	| --------------------- | ----------- | -------- |
	| ISimpleLinkedListBase | GetHasItems | HasItems |
- Misc
	- CHECK macros

### Moved

#### To new specific files

- Macros
	- TO_UNDERLYING and ENUM_CAST
	- IS_ENUM
	- ABSTRACT/OVERRIDE/FINAL\_ARG/\_METHOD/\_CONST macros
	- METHOD and INLINE\_METHOD/FUNCTION
	- Items generation:
		- Interface
		- Shared type
 - Misc
   - EnableIf typedefs and macros
   - Delegates
   - FreeableUniquePtr and UnderlyingType
   - Bool and ByteSelector

#### To existing files

- To PP/
	- MiscBase.hpp:
		- CONCATENATE
		- SINGLE_ARG
		- CALL_VA_MACRO
	- CountArgs.hpp:
		[\_]COUNT_ARGS

#### To new location

- Util/:

	| Old			   | New								  |
	| ---------------- | ------------------------------------ |
	| PP/Util.hpp	   | PP/Variadic/						  |
	| Misc.h		   | Includes/Macros/Method/Inline.h	  |

## Removed

- Macros
	- TYPE_TEMPLATE_N, TEMPLATE_NE and TEMPLATE_TYPES with new and existing macros in Util/Includes/Macros/Template.h
	- SELECT_ARGS macros
- Misc
	- enable_enum_bitwise_operators/_v. These items with IsBitwiseEnum/Type\<T> and are now in different headers.
	- Duplicate typedefs with the Windows.h header.
- Several old header files